so as you can probably know microsoft's
cutting support for windows XP in two
years in 2014 and in 2014 the main
everyday operating system that you're
going to see on all OEM pcs most likely
is Windows 8 this is the consumer
preview um but the actual full-on
release from Microsoft will be um will
be available most likely at on every
computer in 2014 unless they decide to
recall windows 8 like they did with
Windows matterhorn and then there they
could release a really crappy rushed
Vista to in replace the windows 8 I
don't think personally that in windows 8
itself is Vista to like a lot of people
are calling it because it's fast uh it
boots up on in about like two seconds
it's unbelievable how quick it is and
Windows Vista is very slow and unstable
and what no fate is fast and good sure
you have to get used to the to the Metro
UI and personally I never use metro apps
on my um on my oh my computers but i
have to tell you um the the start thing
like using it just as like a launcher um
um i don't have really any problems with
it because just like in Windows 7 I clip
it I click this here's a keyboard if you
can't tell there's a start button as you
guys know right here it's called the
super key I think and then I'm side just
you know click that and once they I want
to open up Google Chrome I just click
that pic and chrome and then it opens up
chrome and that's the exact same thing
you do with windows 8 and it actually is
a little faster and launching because I
don't know it's just it's not bad just
if you give it a chance I'm open to
trying a lot trying new things so I
don't really have a problem with it a
lot of people don't like change and
that's perfectly fine you can you can
stay on
windows XP until 2014 and then you're
going to have to you're going to have to
upgrade which brings me to what I really
wanted to to say is so in 2014 with all
these people like my dad who use windows
XP still which I don't understand why I
mean windows seven is a great operating
system so i don't see why you haven't
upgraded to that it's faster it's more
stable you're getting security updates
it's a lot more secure than Windows XP
Windows XP is a very I don't one say
it's a bad operating system but it's old
and outdated and its really insecure
there's all these security holes all
over the operating system so I don't see
why you would ever want to be on windows
XP today in 2012 when windows 7's
available and then all these other Linux
distributions such as a bit so in 2014
all these people that are using Windows
XP are going to be forced to to upgrade
so what what I'm wondering is are they
going to buy a new computer with windows
8 pre-loaded onto it or you know upgrade
their current computer and buy a DVD of
Windows 8 or buy it online download it
or something off Microsoft's website
whatever they choose to do so are they
gonna upgrade to Windows 8 or are they
going to go to something such as a boon
to because you can see my dad right here
he was trying a boon to her he was
trying windows 8 and he hated it he
thought it was a terrible operating
system um and it's it's new you know
that's what I have to say about I have
no problem with Metro UI um I think that
they should just have an option to uh to
disable it I don't see what's so hard
about that just have a little toggle
thing do you want the Metro start screen
or do you want to turn that off and just
have the traditional Windows 7 um thing
I don't see what's so hard about that
but so are they going to upgrade to
Windows 8 or are they going to go to
something like a boo
to which my dad tried the vega of that
and he thought it was different yeah but
he thought it was better than windows 8
much better um he said he'd feel a lot
more comfortable using a beauty rather
than windows 8 so with the OEMs because
this is the majority of people are sure
technological people like you and me
we're going to be fine playing with
windows 8 a lot of people I mean a lot
of techies 8 Windows 8 as well but like
seventy percent of people maybe even
more maybe less not long but a lot of
people that are not technologically
advanced hey windows 8 with a burning
passion they think it's just useless and
just terrible they don't want to learn
this brand new thing all these old
people so all these OEM such as Dell and
HP acer and all those are they going to
be putting the windows 8 operating
system on their computers when it's
avail or are they going to be loading up
a boon to on their computers because
quite frankly um the new unity interface
makes up even do really easy to use for
people who aren't too technologically
advanced and you probably remember a
long time ago dell had a lot of
computers preloaded with the boat too
and they had the option when you were
customizing your computer before you
bought it you could click install
windows or install a bit too on their
website and then that they would use but
what they ship it with so are they going
to go back to that and is that going to
be like a regular thing to put a boon to
on OEM machines it's something to think
about because Windows 8 is fast and
might be i like it i mean i don't i
don't love it i think i like the old
start button a little more but I can
definitely wouldn't live with windows 8
and I'm most likely going to be
upgrading to it when it comes out and
put in on all my primary computers but
old people like my dad and non-technical
people like my dad and chris pirillo is
dad and your dad unless your dad works
for some tech computer company and but
these people who don't want to learn new
things why is Microsoft forcing this
down their throat I just don't get it um
maybe you do make microsoft maybe
Microsoft can tell me um but what are
they going to do are they going to
upgrade to Windows 8 or are they gonna
upgrade to a boon to or any other Linux
operating system are they going to go to
Mac os10 you tell me